1. What does one mean by the term "machine learning"?
Ans. [Machine Learning is the] field of study that gives computers the ability to learn
without being explicitly programmed.
A computer program is said to learn from experience E with respect to some task T
and some performance measure P, if its performance on T, as measured by P, improves
with experience E.

2.Can you think of 4 distinct types of issues where it shines?
Ans. (i) A problem which is very complex to solve by hardcoded rules.
(ii) A problem for which sufficent amount of data is available.
(iii) 

3.What is a labeled training set, and how does it work?
Ans. Training set which output is already known is called labelled  training set.
It helps to learn the ML model to genearete the output.

4.What are the two most important tasks that are supervised?
Ans. Regression and Classififcation.

5.Can you think of four examples of unsupervised tasks?
Ans. Customer Segmentation.

6.State the machine learning model that would be best to make a robot walk through various
unfamiliar terrains?
Ans. Reinforcement Learning.

7.Which algorithm will you use to divide your customers into different groups?
Ans. K-Means

8.Will you consider the problem of spam detection to be a supervised or unsupervised learning
problem?
Ans. Supervised Learning.

9.What is the concept of an online learning system?
Ans. In online learning, you train the system incrementally by feeding it data instances
sequentially, either individually or by small groups called mini-batches.

10.What is out-of-core learning, and how does it differ from core learning?
Ans. Out-of-core learning refers to a set of algorithms working with data that cannot 
fit into the memory of a single computer, but that can easily fit into some data 
storage such as a local hard disk or web repository.
the Core Machine Learning Framework enables developers to integrate their machine 
learning models into iOS applications. The underlying technologies powering Core ML 
are both CPU and GPU. Notably, the machine models run on respective devices allowing 
local analysis of data.

11.What kind of learning algorithm makes predictions using a similarity measure?
Ans. Supervised Learning.

12.What's the difference between a model parameter and a hyperparameter in a learning
algorithm?
Ans. Model parameters are estimated based on the data during model training and model hyperparameters 
are set manually and are used in processes to help estimate model parameters. Model hyperparameters are 
often referred to as parameters because they are the parts of the machine learning that must be set 
manually and tuned.

13.What are the criteria that model-based learning algorithms look for? What is the most popular
method they use to achieve success? What method do they use to make predictions?
Ans.  Criterias of model-based learning algorithms are: Interpretability, The number of data points and 
features, Data format, Linearity of data, Training time, Prediction time and Memory requirements.
      Most popular method machine learning models use to achieve success is feeding quality data to the
machine learning models.
      Machine learning models use regression and classification models to make predictions.
 
14.Can you name four of the most important Machine Learning challenges?
Ans. Most important machine learning challenges are: Poor Quality of Data, Underfitting of Training Data,
Overfitting of Training Data, Machine Learning is a Complex Process, Lack of Training Data, Slow 
Implementation, Imperfections in the Algorithm When Data Grows etc.

15.What happens if the model performs well on the training data but fails to generalize the results
to new situations? Can you think of three different options?
Ans. Options that can be performed well on the training data but fails to generalize the results to new
situations are: 
i) Feed good quality data
ii) Change the algorithm
iii) Proper data preparation

16.What exactly is a test set, and why would you need one?
Ans. A test set in machine learning is a secondary (or tertiary) data set that is used to test a machine 
learning program after it has been trained on an initial training data set.
     It is needed to check if the machine learning model generalize well.
     
17.What is a validation set's purpose?
Ans. A validation set is a set of data used to train model with the goal of finding and optimizing the 
best model to solve a given problem. Validation sets are used to select and tune the final model.

18.What precisely is the train-dev kit, when will you need it, how do you put it to use?
Ans.  Training Data helping learning process to instantiate models. 
      The goal of dev-set is to rank the models in term of their accuracy and helps us decide which model to 
proceed further with. 
      Using Dev set we rank all our models in terms of their accuracy and pick the best performing model.

19.What could go wrong if you use the test set to tune hyperparameters?
Ans.  If test set is used to tune hyperparameters then the model will not generalize well then the model's
performance will be very good for the test data but it may not perform well when it will see some unseen
data.
