1. What is the concept of human learning? Please give two examples.
Ans. Learning is an active process of appropriation (making one's own) of knowledge, abilities and skills 
in order to enhance the personal or collective control potential (competence) of shaping reality in a given 
context or situation. Example: Learning alphbets and using alphabets to write pargraph, Riding cycle etc.

2. What different forms of human learning are there? Are there any machine learning equivalents?
Ans. The three major types of learning described by behavioral psychology are classical conditioning, 
operant conditioning, and observational learning.
      Humans acquire knowledge through experience either directly or shared by others. Machines acquire 
knowledge through experience shared in the form of past data. Although there are lot of differences between
human learning and machine learning but the basics of learning from past experience and data is equivalent.

3. What is machine learning, and how does it work? What are the key responsibilities of machine
learning?
Ans.  Machine Learning can be defined as "Field of study that gives computers the capability to learn 
without being explicitly programmed."
      Machine learning is a form of artificial intelligence that teaches computers to recognize pattern 
similar way to how humans do: Learning and improving upon past experiences. It works by exploring data 
and identifying patterns, and involves minimal human intervention.

4. Define the terms "penalty" and "reward" in the context of reinforcement learning.
Ans. In Reinforcement Learning (RL), agents are trained on a reward and punishment mechanism. The agent 
is rewarded for correct moves and punished for the wrong ones. In doing so, the agent tries to minimize 
wrong moves and maximize the right ones.

5. Explain the term "learning as a search"?
Ans.  Learning can be viewed as a search through the space of all sentences in a  concept description 
language for a sentence that best describes the data. Alternatively, it can be viewed as a search through
all hypotheses in a hypothesis space. In either case, a generality relation usually determines the 
structure of the search space.

6. What are the various goals of machine learning? What is the relationship between these and
human learning?
Ans. The goal of machine learning, closely coupled with the goal of AI, is to achieve a thorough 
understanding about the nature of learning process (both human learning and other forms of learning), 
about the computational aspects of learning behaviors, and to implant the learning capability in 
computer systems.
      Human learning patterns are different from one person to another. Having a learning process 
embedded in people’s minds can be a challenge to change. However, with Machine Learning (ML), the 
learning method can easily be modified simply by choosing a different algorithm. As for Machine Learning, 
having well-defined processes at our disposal allows us to understand and assess the accuracy of learning.
Evaluating human learning is generally done via exams which are not considered as a measure of 
intelligence. Let’s look more in detail at the difference between the human learning and machine learning
processes.

7. Illustrate the various elements of machine learning using a real-life illustration.
Ans. The elements of machine learning using a real-life illustration is:
i) Image which is used to learn graphical data.
ii) Text is used to learn the pattern of paragraph.
iii) Sound data is used to learn the sentiment and recognize the human's speech.
iv) Other text data is used to discover relationship between different real life attributres.

8. Provide an example of the abstraction method.
Ans. An example of abstraction method is: We all use an ATM machine for cash withdrawal, money transfer, 
retrieve min-statement, etc in our daily life. But we don't know internally what things are happening 
inside ATM machine when you insert an ATM card for performing any kind of operation.

9. What is the concept of generalization? What function does it play in the machine learning
process?
Ans.  Generalization refers to your model's ability to adapt properly to new, previously unseen data, 
drawn from the same distribution as the one used to create the model.
      A model's ability to generalize is central to the success of a model. If a model has been trained 
too well on training data, it will be unable to generalize. It will make inaccurate predictions when 
given new data, making the model useless even though it is able to make accurate predictions for the 
training data.

10. What is classification, exactly? What are the main distinctions between classification and regression?
Ans. The Classification algorithm is a Supervised Learning technique that is used to identify the category 
of new observations on the basis of training data. In Classification, a program learns from the given 
dataset or observations and then classifies new observation into a number of classes or groups.
     Classification predictive modeling problems are different from regression predictive modeling problems.
Classification is the task of predicting a discrete class label. Regression is the task of predicting a 
continuous quantity. There is some overlap between the algorithms for classification and regression; for 
example: A classification algorithm may predict a continuous value, but the continuous value is in the 
form of a probability for a class label. A regression algorithm may predict a discrete value, but the 
discrete value in the form of an integer quantity. Some algorithms can be used for both classification 
and regression with small modifications, such as decision trees and artificial neural networks. Some 
algorithms cannot, or cannot easily be used for both problem types, such as linear regression for 
regression predictive modeling and logistic regression for classification predictive modeling. Importantly,
the way that we evaluate classification and regression predictions varies and does not overlap, for 
example: Classification predictions can be evaluated using accuracy, whereas regression predictions cannot.
Regression predictions can be evaluated using root mean squared error, whereas classification predictions 
cannot.

11. What is regression, and how does it work? Give an example of a real-world problem that was
solved using regression.
Ans. Regression in machine learning consists of mathematical methods that allow data scientists to predict 
a continuous outcome (y) based on the value of one or more predictor variables (x). An example of regression
problem is share price prediction.

12. Describe the clustering mechanism in detail.
Ans. Clustering or cluster analysis is a machine learning technique, which groups the unlabelled dataset. 
It can be defined as "A way of grouping the data points into different clusters, consisting of similar 
data points.

13. Make brief observations on two of the following topics:
i. Machine learning algorithms are used
ii. Studying under supervision
iii. Studying without supervision
iv. Reinforcement learning is a form of learning based on positive reinforcement.
Ans.  i) Machine Learning algorithms like Linear Regression, Polynomial Regression, SVM, KNN, Decision Tree, 
Random Forest, KMeans, Hierical Clustering, DBScan etc.
ii) Supervised algorithms like Linear Regression, Polynomial Regression, SVM, KNN, Decision Tree, Random 
Forest etc,
iii) Unsupervised algorithms like KMeans, Hierical Clustering, DBScan etc.
iv) Reinforcement learning is a machine learning training method based on rewarding desired behaviors 
and/or punishing undesired ones. In general, a reinforcement learning agent is able to perceive and 
interpret its environment, take actions and learn through trial and error.
