1.Explain the term machine learning, and how does it work? Explain two machine learning
applications in the business world. What are some of the ethical concerns that machine learning
applications could raise?
Ans.  Machine Learning is the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn
without being explicitly programmed.
      Machine learning is a form of artificial intelligence (AI) that makes the computer
to work in a ratinal way : Learning and improving upon past experiences. It works by 
exploring data and identifying patterns, and involves minimal human intervention.

2. Describe the process of human learning:
i. Under the supervision of experts
ii. With the assistance of experts in an indirect manner
iii. Self-education
Ans.  i) Under the  supervision of experts human learn and give test and  if the result isn't
satisfactory to the supervisior then the learning process is done again.
      ii) Human learn by themselves and try to gather knowledge about some given topics.
      iii) learn by themselves and make own path of  learning.
 
3. Provide a few examples of various types of machine learning.
Ans.  Various types of machine learning are:
i) Supervised Learning: Stock Price Prediction
ii) Unsupervised Learning: Customer Segmentation
iii) Reinforcement Learning: Chess Game

4. Examine the various forms of machine learning.

5. Can you explain what a well-posed learning problem is? Explain the main characteristics that must
be present to identify a learning problem properly.

6. Is machine learning capable of solving all problems? Give a detailed explanation of your answer.

7. What are the various methods and technologies for solving machine learning problems? Any two
of them should be defined in detail.

8. Can you explain the various forms of supervised learning? Explain each one with an example
application.

9. What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning? With a sample application
in each region, explain the differences.

10. Describe the machine learning process in depth.

a. Make brief notes on any two of the following:

MATLAB is one of the most widely used programming languages.

ii. Deep learning applications in healthcare

iii. Study of the market basket

iv. Linear regression (simple)

11. Make a comparison between:-

1. Generalization and abstraction

2. Learning that is guided and unsupervised

3. Regression and classification
